c:\users\brook.blackburn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PersonalWeb\PersonalWeb\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
c:\users\brook.blackburn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PersonalWeb\PersonalWeb\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\brook.blackburn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PersonalWeb\PersonalWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\brook.blackburn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PersonalWeb\PersonalWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\brook.blackburn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PersonalWeb\PersonalWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\brook.blackburn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PersonalWeb\PersonalWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\brook.blackburn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PersonalWeb\PersonalWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\brook.blackburn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PersonalWeb\PersonalWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\brook.blackburn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PersonalWeb\PersonalWeb\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\brook.blackburn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PersonalWeb\PersonalWeb\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\brook.blackburn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PersonalWeb\PersonalWeb\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\brook.blackburn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PersonalWeb\PersonalWeb\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\brook.blackburn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PersonalWeb\PersonalWeb\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\brook.blackburn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PersonalWeb\PersonalWeb\bin\PersonalWeb.dll.config
c:\users\brook.blackburn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PersonalWeb\PersonalWeb\bin\PersonalWeb.dll
c:\users\brook.blackburn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PersonalWeb\PersonalWeb\bin\PersonalWeb.pdb
c:\users\brook.blackburn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PersonalWeb\PersonalWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
c:\users\brook.blackburn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PersonalWeb\PersonalWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
c:\users\brook.blackburn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PersonalWeb\PersonalWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
c:\users\brook.blackburn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PersonalWeb\PersonalWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
c:\users\brook.blackburn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PersonalWeb\PersonalWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
c:\users\brook.blackburn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PersonalWeb\PersonalWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
c:\users\brook.blackburn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PersonalWeb\PersonalWeb\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
c:\users\brook.blackburn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PersonalWeb\PersonalWeb\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:\users\brook.blackburn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PersonalWeb\PersonalWeb\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\brook.blackburn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PersonalWeb\PersonalWeb\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\brook.blackburn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PersonalWeb\PersonalWeb\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\brook.blackburn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PersonalWeb\PersonalWeb\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\brook.blackburn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PersonalWeb\PersonalWeb\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\brook.blackburn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PersonalWeb\PersonalWeb\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
c:\users\brook.blackburn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PersonalWeb\PersonalWeb\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
c:\users\brook.blackburn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PersonalWeb\PersonalWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
c:\users\brook.blackburn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PersonalWeb\PersonalWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
c:\users\brook.blackburn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PersonalWeb\PersonalWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
c:\users\brook.blackburn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PersonalWeb\PersonalWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
c:\users\brook.blackburn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PersonalWeb\PersonalWeb\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
c:\users\brook.blackburn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PersonalWeb\PersonalWeb\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\users\brook.blackburn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PersonalWeb\PersonalWeb\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\brook.blackburn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PersonalWeb\PersonalWeb\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
c:\users\brook.blackburn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PersonalWeb\PersonalWeb\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\brook.blackburn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PersonalWeb\PersonalWeb\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
c:\users\brook.blackburn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PersonalWeb\PersonalWeb\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\brook.blackburn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PersonalWeb\PersonalWeb\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\brook.blackburn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PersonalWeb\PersonalWeb\obj\Debug\PersonalWeb.dll
c:\users\brook.blackburn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PersonalWeb\PersonalWeb\obj\Debug\PersonalWeb.pdb
C:\Users\brook.blackburn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PersonalWeb\PersonalWeb\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\brook.blackburn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PersonalWeb\PersonalWeb\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\brook.blackburn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PersonalWeb\PersonalWeb\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\brook.blackburn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PersonalWeb\PersonalWeb\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\brook.blackburn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PersonalWeb\PersonalWeb\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\brook.blackburn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PersonalWeb\PersonalWeb\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\brook.blackburn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PersonalWeb\PersonalWeb\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\brook.blackburn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PersonalWeb\PersonalWeb\obj\Debug\PersonalWeb.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\GitHub\brookblackburn.github.io\PersonalWeb\PersonalWeb\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
C:\GitHub\brookblackburn.github.io\PersonalWeb\PersonalWeb\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
C:\GitHub\brookblackburn.github.io\PersonalWeb\PersonalWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\GitHub\brookblackburn.github.io\PersonalWeb\PersonalWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
C:\GitHub\brookblackburn.github.io\PersonalWeb\PersonalWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\GitHub\brookblackburn.github.io\PersonalWeb\PersonalWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
C:\GitHub\brookblackburn.github.io\PersonalWeb\PersonalWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
C:\GitHub\brookblackburn.github.io\PersonalWeb\PersonalWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
C:\GitHub\brookblackburn.github.io\PersonalWeb\PersonalWeb\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
C:\GitHub\brookblackburn.github.io\PersonalWeb\PersonalWeb\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
C:\GitHub\brookblackburn.github.io\PersonalWeb\PersonalWeb\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
C:\GitHub\brookblackburn.github.io\PersonalWeb\PersonalWeb\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
C:\GitHub\brookblackburn.github.io\PersonalWeb\PersonalWeb\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
C:\GitHub\brookblackburn.github.io\PersonalWeb\PersonalWeb\bin\PersonalWeb.dll.config
C:\GitHub\brookblackburn.github.io\PersonalWeb\PersonalWeb\bin\PersonalWeb.dll
C:\GitHub\brookblackburn.github.io\PersonalWeb\PersonalWeb\bin\PersonalWeb.pdb
C:\GitHub\brookblackburn.github.io\PersonalWeb\PersonalWeb\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\GitHub\brookblackburn.github.io\PersonalWeb\PersonalWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
C:\GitHub\brookblackburn.github.io\PersonalWeb\PersonalWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
C:\GitHub\brookblackburn.github.io\PersonalWeb\PersonalWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
C:\GitHub\brookblackburn.github.io\PersonalWeb\PersonalWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
C:\GitHub\brookblackburn.github.io\PersonalWeb\PersonalWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
C:\GitHub\brookblackburn.github.io\PersonalWeb\PersonalWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
C:\GitHub\brookblackburn.github.io\PersonalWeb\PersonalWeb\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
C:\GitHub\brookblackburn.github.io\PersonalWeb\PersonalWeb\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
C:\GitHub\brookblackburn.github.io\PersonalWeb\PersonalWeb\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\GitHub\brookblackburn.github.io\PersonalWeb\PersonalWeb\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\GitHub\brookblackburn.github.io\PersonalWeb\PersonalWeb\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\GitHub\brookblackburn.github.io\PersonalWeb\PersonalWeb\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\GitHub\brookblackburn.github.io\PersonalWeb\PersonalWeb\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\GitHub\brookblackburn.github.io\PersonalWeb\PersonalWeb\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\GitHub\brookblackburn.github.io\PersonalWeb\PersonalWeb\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
C:\GitHub\brookblackburn.github.io\PersonalWeb\PersonalWeb\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
C:\GitHub\brookblackburn.github.io\PersonalWeb\PersonalWeb\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
C:\GitHub\brookblackburn.github.io\PersonalWeb\PersonalWeb\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\GitHub\brookblackburn.github.io\PersonalWeb\PersonalWeb\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\GitHub\brookblackburn.github.io\PersonalWeb\PersonalWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
C:\GitHub\brookblackburn.github.io\PersonalWeb\PersonalWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
C:\GitHub\brookblackburn.github.io\PersonalWeb\PersonalWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
C:\GitHub\brookblackburn.github.io\PersonalWeb\PersonalWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
C:\GitHub\brookblackburn.github.io\PersonalWeb\PersonalWeb\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
C:\GitHub\brookblackburn.github.io\PersonalWeb\PersonalWeb\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
C:\GitHub\brookblackburn.github.io\PersonalWeb\PersonalWeb\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\GitHub\brookblackburn.github.io\PersonalWeb\PersonalWeb\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\GitHub\brookblackburn.github.io\PersonalWeb\PersonalWeb\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\GitHub\brookblackburn.github.io\PersonalWeb\PersonalWeb\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
C:\GitHub\brookblackburn.github.io\PersonalWeb\PersonalWeb\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
C:\GitHub\brookblackburn.github.io\PersonalWeb\PersonalWeb\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
C:\GitHub\brookblackburn.github.io\PersonalWeb\PersonalWeb\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\GitHub\brookblackburn.github.io\PersonalWeb\PersonalWeb\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\GitHub\brookblackburn.github.io\PersonalWeb\PersonalWeb\obj\Debug\PersonalWeb.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\GitHub\brookblackburn.github.io\PersonalWeb\PersonalWeb\obj\Debug\PersonalWeb.dll
C:\GitHub\brookblackburn.github.io\PersonalWeb\PersonalWeb\obj\Debug\PersonalWeb.pdb
